bpo-21261: IDLE - add completion of dict sting keys (#15169)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/IDLE/2019-08-07-23-27-54.bpo-21261.sqNQCD.rst

> IDLE's shell auto-completion completes dict keys of type str and bytes.

Reviewer: The main suggestion here is adjusting "auto-completion completes" -> "auto-completion works for" and "type" -> "types". 

The inline markup for str and bytes is an extra addition, sphinx converts this into a link to their stdtypes sections. Respectively: [str](https://docs.python.org/3.9/library/stdtypes.html#str) and [bytes](https://docs.python.org/3.9/library/stdtypes.html#bytes). For an example of this being used in the docs, see [common sequence operators](https://docs.python.org/3.9/library/stdtypes.html#common-sequence-operations), in the section for the first note. If you don't want the link, it could be instead replaced with ``str`` and ``bytes``.

```suggestion
IDLE's shell auto-completion works for dict keys of types :class:`str` and :class:`bytes`.
```

Author: Great suggestions, thanks!
